1: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hypertension (high blood pressure)?
2: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hypotension (low blood pressure)?
3: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hypercholesterolemia (high cholesterol levels)?
4: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hypocholesterolemia (low cholesterol levels)?
5: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Diabetes mellitus?
6: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Obesity?
7: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Underweight?
8: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Thyroid dysfunction?
9: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Asthma?
10: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD)?
11: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Allergies?
12: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Chronic bronchitis?
13: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Emphysema?
14: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Obstructive sleep apnea?
15: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Insomnia?
16: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Depression?
17: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Anxiety disorder?
18: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Bipolar disorder?
19: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Schizophrenia?
20: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)?
21: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Autism spectrum disorder (ASD)?
22: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Alzheimer's disease?
23: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Parkinson's disease?
24: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Multiple sclerosis?
25: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Epilepsy?
26: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Migraine?
27: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Stroke?
28: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Coronary artery disease?
29: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Congestive heart failure?
30: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Arrhythmia?
31: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Atherosclerosis?
32: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Chronic kidney disease?
33: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Kidney stones?
34: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Urinary incontinence?
35: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD)?
36: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Peptic ulcer disease?
37: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Inflammatory bowel disease (Crohn's disease, ulcerative colitis)?
38: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)?
39: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Celiac disease?
40: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Liver cirrhosis?
41: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hepatitis?
42: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Gallstones?
43: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hemorrhoids?
44: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Osteoporosis?
45: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Rheumatoid arthritis?
46: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Osteoarthritis?
47: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Gout?
48: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Fibromyalgia?
49: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Systemic lupus erythematosus (SLE)?
50: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Scoliosis?
51: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Ovarian cysts?
52: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Endometriosis?
53: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS)?
54: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Erectile dysfunction?
55: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Premature ejaculation?
56: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Prostate enlargement?
57: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Prostate cancer?
58: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Breast cancer?
59: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Ovarian cancer?
60: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Cervical cancer?
61: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Testicular cancer?
62: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Skin cancer (melanoma, basal cell carcinoma, squamous cell carcinoma)?
63: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Leukemia?
64: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Lymphoma?
65: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Myocardial infarction (heart attack)?
66: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Deep vein thrombosis (DVT)?
67: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Pulmonary embolism?
68: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hemophilia?
69: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Anemia?
70: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hemochromatosis?
71: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Thalassemia?
72: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Sickle cell disease?
73: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hypothyroidism?
74: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hyperthyroidism?
75: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hypoglycemia?
76: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hyperglycemia?
77: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hypertensive heart disease?
78: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Cardiomyopathy?
79: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Endocarditis?
80: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Pneumonia?
81: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Tuberculosis?
82: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of HIV/AIDS?
83: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Syphilis?
84: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Chlamydia?
85: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Gonorrhea?
86: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Herpes?
87: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Human papillomavirus (HPV) infection?
88: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Influenza?
89: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Measles?
90: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Chickenpox?
91: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Rubella (German measles)?
92: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Mumps?
93: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Hepatitis B?
94: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Zika virus infection?
95: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Lyme disease?
96: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Malaria?
97: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Dengue fever?
98: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Yellow fever?
99: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Chikungunya virus infection?
100: What is the relationship between BDNF gene and  Depression when considering the influence of Ebola virus disease?
